The View makes up another component of the MVC design.
The view represents the visual elements that make up a web page.
So in this lesson, your handler method is going to return a view.
When a user types in a URL into the browser, they're making a get to request.
They are requesting a resource.
The controller inside spring boot intercepts the get request, and then it maps the get request to a
handler method.
And the handler method responds with a view.
All right.
The view is what the user sees.
The HTML that a handler method returns makes up the view.
What I'm going to do is rename this method to get to grades.
And I will change the mapping URL to slash grades.
This handler method when invoked, is going to respond with the grades html.
Okay.
You can go ahead and run your spring boot up.
Yes.
I'll just have to rewrite it.
Maven Clean spring boot run.
And now from your browser it make a request to a local host.
80.
80 slash grades.
Beautiful.
The user makes a request on the path slash grades.
The controller maps the request to a handler method that matches the path.
The handler method tries responding with a view called grades.
It finds the view inside the templates folder and returns it.
The View only contains the visual elements of a web page.
The View needs data to become meaningful, and the data that populates the view is called the model.
That will be the focus of the next lesson.
So to recap, the view is what the user sees.
The user makes a request on the path slash grades.
The controller maps the request to a handler method that matches the path.
The handler method tries responding with a resource called grades.
It finds the view inside the templates folder and returns it.